Look over there, Yaji-san.
What's wrong?
There's a big pine tree over there.
That's a good shape.
There's a satayabu next to the pine tree.
There are two white round things in the satayabu.
Sometimes they come out.
That's a ghost couple.
You're an idiot. Wait, wait, wait.
I'll take a look.
There's a good shape pine tree over there.
There's a satayabu in the shape of a tree.
There are two white round things in the shape of a tree.
That's a ghost couple.
Don't worry about it.
What's that?
That's a ghost couple.
I don't know.
I'm used to it.
Wait, wait, wait.
You're used to it?
You're the one who's going to be the ghost couple.
I'm surprised that I'm the ghost couple.
Don't be so hard on yourself.
I'm used to it.
Oh, my dear young man.
What are you doing?
Here, here.
What?
It's not the time to say such a thing.
I'll hit you, I'll hit you.
It's the sun, the wind, the rain.
Oh, I see.
Thank you.
Congratulations.
I'm glad to see you again.
What is this place?
Is this the Latova?
Yes, it's the Katsun-goji Temple in the center of the city.
Let's go.
Wait, wait.
We have to stop.
No, we can't.
Why?
The sky is black.
Wait, wait.
I'm sorry.
I came here by foot.
By foot?
Yes.
Is it raining?
It's a beautiful day.
Yes.
I whisper to the moon.
The End